Specify AWS services in cloud service autodetection section (#10435)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/performance/network_page.md

### Cloud service autodetection
Filtering by specific AWS cloud services can help pinpoint latency, assess database performance, and visualize your network more completely. For instance, you can filter a search query by service, view the service in the Network Map, and trace communication on that node to see affected services.

{{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_page/cloud-service-hero-docs.png" alt="Cloud Service Map" >}}

- To filter a query: in search bar(s), enter tags such as `service:s3`, `service:kinesis`, and `service:elb`. For a number of services, you can break down latency and retransmits further by using more out-of-the-box tags like `s3_bucket` and `rds_instance_type`.
- To visualize specific managed services: in the [Network Map][2], click the dropdown next to *View* and type or select desired tags. In the map, click a particular node to view troubleshooting options.
- To view integration metrics for a service: in the Network Page, click on a row in the [dependency table](#table). In the opened side panel, use the *Integration Metrics* tab to analyze the performance of cloud services and distinguish between a client-side and cloud provider issue.

> NPM automatically detects S3, RDS, Kinesis, ELB, Elasticache, and more. View the supported services [here][3]. To monitor other endpoints where an Agent cannot be installed (such as public APIs), group the destination in the Network Overview by  the [`domain` tag](#dns-resolution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NPM automatically detects S3, RDS, Kinesis, ELB, Elasticache, and others listed in the [supported services][3]. To monitor other endpoints where an Agent cannot be installed (such as public APIs), group the destination in the Network Overview by  the [`domain` tag](#dns-resolution).
```
